In this exercise, you'll be asked to create an SLA that
represents the up time and downtime of your platform.
I've laid out a couple of steps that probably need to be included in your SLA.
Section 1 would include your own applications,
that things that your company creates and are critical for your customers.
What would be included there and what the SLA would be for those components.
The second part of the SLA would cover things like third-parties,
and what third party SLAs look like
or how that comes into play in your relationship with your customers.
Finally, I would have a section that covered non-critical components.
Things that are useful or nice to have,
but not necessarily critical to the application and
how those would be included or considered by your customers.
Together, all three of these make up a good picture of what
is or is not covered by your SLA. Good luck.